Release Notes for BIND Version 9.11.8

Introduction

BIND 9.11 (Extended Support Version) is a stable branch of BIND. This
document summarizes significant changes since the last production release
on that branch.

Please see the file CHANGES for a more detailed list of changes and bug
fixes.

Download

The latest versions of BIND 9 software can always be found at http://
www.isc.org/downloads/. There you will find additional information about
each release, source code, and pre-compiled versions for Microsoft Windows
operating systems.

License Change

With the release of BIND 9.11.0, ISC changed to the open source license
for BIND from the ISC license to the Mozilla Public License (MPL 2.0).

The MPL-2.0 license requires that if you make changes to licensed software
(e.g. BIND) and distribute them outside your organization, that you
publish those changes under that same license. It does not require that
you publish or disclose anything other than the changes you made to our
software.

This requirement will not affect anyone who is using BIND, with or without
modifications, without redistributing it, nor anyone redistributing it
without changes. Therefore, this change will be without consequence for
most individuals and organizations who are using BIND.

Those unsure whether or not the license change affects their use of BIND,
or who wish to discuss how to comply with the license may contact ISC at
https://www.isc.org/mission/contact/.

Security Fixes

  * A race condition could trigger an assertion failure when a large
    number of incoming packets were being rejected. This flaw is disclosed
    in CVE-2019-6471. [GL #942]

End of Life

BIND 9.11 (Extended Support Version) will be supported until at least
December, 2021. See https://www.isc.org/downloads/software-support-policy/
for details of ISC's software support policy.

Thank You

Thank you to everyone who assisted us in making this release possible. If
you would like to contribute to ISC to assist us in continuing to make
quality open source software, please visit our donations page at http://
www.isc.org/donate/.
